4.next: use `->hasValue()` instead of `->has()` (#7684)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/4-5-migration-guide.rst

ORM
---

- In CakePHP 5 ``EntityTrait::has()`` will return true when an attribute exists
  and is set to null. Depending on your application this can lead to unexpected

>   behavior with your already present code. Use ``EntityTrait::hasValue()`` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  behavior with your existing code. Use ``EntityTrait::hasValue()`` to
```

ORM
---

- In CakePHP 5 ``EntityTrait::has()`` will return true when an attribute exists
  and is set to null. To keep the old behavior it is recommended to

>   change ``EntityTrait::has()`` to ``EntityTrait::hasValue()``.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is true. hasValue() has completely different behavior than has().

Author: Sure it ain't a 1:1 replacement. What would be the recommended replacement to not get warnings in the template for already baked templates? Keeping it as it is will result in warnings being printed.

Reviewer 2: We just can't say "To keep the old behavior".  Need to explain there's an alternative that returns false on null but has other behavior too.

Author: Thats true. I tried to reword it.
